[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a romantic science
fiction drama film
the time traveler's wife spoiler ahead
watch out and take care one night before
christmas
while heading back home in a car the
little henry is talking happily with his
mother
however just a few seconds before a
coming car crash
the little henry is astonished to notice
his body is disappearing gradually
and then he finds himself brought home
naked back to the time two weeks before
the accident
when his family are reading a book
together however
right then he's sent back to the same
street again watching the accident
happening
and his mother dying suddenly a man
shows up and covers him with a blanket
then he tells the little henry he is a
time traveler and they are actually the
same person
after that he disappears leaving only
his clothes behind
the 28 year old henry travels back to a
library
where he works he puts the clothes on
and comes back to work
as if nothing has happened henry has the
disease of chronic temporal anachrony
which enables him to make time travel
since six years old
after becoming a librarian henry tries
to live an ordinary life
until one day he meets a young artist
called claire
whom henry doesn't know about but claire
recognizes him at first sight
and seems to know well about him in
order to explain the reason
she asks him out for dinner that night
during dinner claire expresses her love
to him
and tells him there is a doctor who
might be able to cure his disease
after dinner and driven by the hormone
effect they rush home for a fast hormone
game
two minutes later claire reveals more
details that they actually first met
when she was six years old that time
henry traveled to the forest
when claire was having a picnic claire
could not believe what henry said about
time traveling at the beginning
until she saw him disappearing in front
of her since then
they have met so many times claire
confesses that she has a crush on him
since they first met later claire
introduces her friends to henry
one night however the friend is shocked
to run into henry
who's in female clothes and behaves
pretty weird
but henry explains that he travels from
the future
the friend doesn't believe it until he
sees henry disappearing before him
the friend is astonished and finds
claire right away
trying to convince her to stay away from
henry
however claire seems to care nothing
about that
one day henry travels to the past and
happens to meet his young mother
he couldn't help but strike a
conversation with her and tells her his
affection for claire
the mother doesn't know henry is
actually her future son
but she still sends her best regards to
them
henry tells his father he's gonna
propose to clear
the father who's still unable to recover
from his wife's death
gives the wife's wedding ring to henry
henry puts the ring on claire's finger
while she's sleeping
claire fees happy to says yes without a
doubt
at last it seems that henry has found
the love for his wandering soul
the marriage is blessed by their parents
so they start to prepare for the big day
henry even has his hair cut for the
wedding
his father attends their wedding in a
nice suit on the wedding day however
henry travels again and disappears while
he's getting dressed
which frightens the friend fortunately
he shows up on time
so that the wedding is able to run as
planned though henry looks older when he
travels back
claire also notices that but she knows
her honey just traveled back from the
future
that evening the younger henry travels
back and catches up
on his own wedding so they have a great
time dancing together
nevertheless he disappears again and
travels to the time when claire's very
young
in the forest henry finds the clothes
and shoes they're prepared
and the little claire waiting for him
these two are happily chatting while
having a picnic
henry tells her he is gonna get married
however
a few minutes later henry is brought
back to the wedding night timely
so that he could catch up with the
hormone bus and drive the bride's horny
desires
after marriage they moved to a new
apartment but claire is unsatisfied
since henry time travels very often and
disappears out of a sudden
which makes it so difficult for her to
fit in she loses her temper
and rushes out for an art show after
seeing henry was waiting for her on the
couch
outside claire feels better and then
follows henry to a store
where he gives her a lottery he bought
after his traveling back from the future
as a result they hit 5 million large
enough for them to afford a big house
they invite some friends to their new
house
during their visit they are distracted
by some strange noise
and go to check it but only to find a
future henry
lying on the ground injured with a
gunshot on his stomach
as the future henry disappears soon the
present henry is confused by that
he turns to worry about his future days
claire comforts him
and tells him she's pregnant then claire
persuades henry to turn to the doctor
for help
henry visits the doctor on the next day
telling what he has gone through in his
whole life
but the doctor who just meets henry the
first time finds it hard to believe that
and doesn't take it seriously without
any choice
henry just leaves in despair
one night while having dinner at a
restaurant claire suffers a sudden pain
and finds herself bleeding she's sent to
the hospital right away
however when henry arrives claire has
already miscarried
unwilling to accept that henry finds the
doctor
and tells him their baby is also a time
traveler and might have traveled to
other times
rather than dying promising to conduct
more examination on him though
the doctor still can't believe his
[ __ ] until the time he actually sees
henry's disappearing during the
examination
however the doctor is not able to come
up with an effective method
to prevent the future baby from
miscarriage
the couple feel extremely disappointed
and start their quarrel
worrying about the possible miscarriage
in the future henry decides to have a
sterilization surgery in the hospital
so that claire won't get pregnant again
when claire learns that
she turns into tears and blames henry
for that
someday at midnight claire receives a
phone call from the young henry
who travels to the past they are excited
to meet
each other and shake the car violently
for a fast
6-9 hormone game because the past henry
is not sterilized
yet claire gets pregnant later henry is
pretty worried about that
for he doesn't expect another
miscarriage suffered by claire
however the innocent claire is very
happy about her pregnancy
and begins to pick a name for her unborn
daughter
weeks later henry travels to the future
where he hears a voice from a little
girl
who calls for him it's shown that she's
actually his 10 year old daughter
as expected the daughter also has the
same time travel power as he does
and most importantly she's even able to
control that ability
choosing the exact time and place for
her travels
henry is surprised by her ability and
his first meeting with his daughter
however before they separate the
daughter informs him that he would die
when she was five years old after
traveling back
henry tells claire about seeing their
daughter in the future but hides the
truth of his own death
sometime later the daughter is born the
family of three
live together happily finally the family
welcomes the daughter's five-year-old
birthday
however henry gets more anxious for he
knows he would die
someday soon the older daughter travels
back to meet her younger self on that
day
and even tells her to be ready for
daddy's death as the daughter gets
confused by what she's been told by her
older self
claire talks to her in private but only
to find that henry is going to die
the couple hold a frank talk that night
the husband falls into great horror
towards the coming death of himself
while claire kisses him on the forehead
trying to remove his fear
one day hearing a cry in the house
claire rushes
inside and sees henry lying naked on the
floor
henry gets hurt badly on his feet and is
rushed to the hospital
because of that it would be extremely
dangerous if he still travels during
this period
although the older daughter tries to
teach henry how to manipulate his power
henry is trapped into another travel
during their talk
he shows up in front of their house
lying in the snow on christmas eve
looking through the window he sees his
future self dying on the floor
and his family and friends in great
sorrows
after traveling back he decides to spend
his remaining days more positively
he teaches his daughter how to deal with
all sorts of emergency
and later invites their friends to come
over and spend the last christmas eve
together
because he's unwilling to make claire
suffer everything all by herself
he tells the friend that he's going to
die right that night and then hugs
claire
who's that in tears for what's going to
happen later he's brought to the same
forest
where he used to meet claire he's
totally naked in the snow
while he's confused and turns around
claire's father shoots at a deer close
to him
but ends up missing the damn deer
unfortunately and hitting henry's frozen
dick
instead the badly injured henry is sent
back to christmas eve immediately
where he's surrounded by his family and
friends passes away finally
after the husband's death claire raises
the daughter up all by herself
until the daughter is eight years old
someday to their surprise the younger
henry travels from the past to the same
forest
the family get a quick reunion before
henry disappears soon
but to claire and their daughter it
feels like henry has always been there
so as always they have his clothes and
shoes ready in the forest
waiting for henry's next return
this is daniel cc movie channel bye